https://freepd.com/

⚖️👩🏻‍⚖️ Legal
This music is all licensed CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.

👩🏻‍🎤👨‍🎤 Artists and more
Information about the artists, and other ways to keep in touch.

❓ Frequently Asked Questions
Can I use this music on YouTube? Yes.
Can I use this music on Twitch? Yes.
Can I use this music on Facebook? Yes.
Can I use this music in a theater? Yes.
Can I use this music in a restaurant? Yes.
Can I use this music in an ad? Yes.
Can I use this music in a movie? Yes.
It is OK if I credit the musician in my film? Yes.
Must I credit the musician in my film? Nope - but we do like it.

🤪⁉️ Crazier Questions
Can I include this music in a DLC pack I'm distributing? YES!
Can I include this music in a piece of software? YES!
Can I include this music in an app that generates movies for users? YES!
I'm a composer and I love what you're doing! Can I donate music? Absolutely.
Can I buy exclusive rights to any of these tracks? No. The CC0 licensing is a one-way trip.
Can I download this music, and then sell it on my site? Actually, yes.
Can I put together a digital album, and sell it through a distributor like iTunes, Google PLay, Spotify, or Amazon? No. But that's not my fault. Each of those distributors require you own 100% of the copyrights to the pieces you publish. If you attempt this, you will likely get a cease and desist letter and lose all the money you made and never be able to sell things on those sites ever again. If you have more questions - contact the legal departments at those distributors, or your local copyright attorney.

🤫 Privacy Policy
We don't track anything. If you purchase or donate, that goes through PalPay. We really only get your email address (if you choose to share it). There may be external advertizers that collect data.

https://freepd.com/legal.php

On Copyright and the Public Domain
Some creative works (for example, music) are eligible for copyright protection for a limited (but ridiculously high) number of years. After that time, they are considered to be owned by no one, and anyone can do anything they want with the things! When this copyright expires, the music becomes Public Domain.

What if you want to write new music and have no copyright attached to it? This is not common. In Europe, for example, it seems to be impossible to start a creative work with no copyright. The EU considers the copyright of a creative work to be an inalienable right, and any contract or agreement severing that right will be deemed invalid.

If any site says they have real Public Domain Music - be very careful! They may believe they have real new Public Domain music, but I would need to see some proof. You can't just "declare" something is Public Domain.

Similar claims of Copyright Free music are also unlikely. Something is free of copyrights either 1) when the copyrights expire... or 2) if it was not eligible for copyright in the first place. Music recordings are eligible for copyright**. It takes a long time for those copyrights to expire. Not hours or years, but generations.

Please consult your local Copyright Lawyer for more details.

**In this context, I mean a sufficiently original work, intentionally recorded.